PATh: added dagman, checkpointing, gpus and container guides (#26)
osg-htc/user-documentation: documentation/PATh/htc_workloads/using_software/containers-singularity.md

Then there is a section called `%post` where you put the additional
commands to make the image just like you need it. For example:

    %post
        apt-get update -y
        apt-get install -y \
                build-essential \
                cmake \
                g++ \
                r-base-dev

        R -e "install.packages('cowsay', dependencies=TRUE, repos='http://cran.rstudio.com/')"

See the [Apptainer documentation](https://apptainer.org/user-docs/master/definition_files.html)
for a full reference on how to specify build specs. Note that the `%runscript`
section is ignored when the container is executed under the PATh Facility.

The final `image.def` looks like:

    Bootstrap: docker
    From: opensciencegrid/osgvo-ubuntu-20.04:latest

    %post
        apt-get update -y
        apt-get install -y \
                build-essential \
                cmake \
                g++ \
                r-base-dev

        R -e "install.packages('cowsay', dependencies=TRUE, repos='http://cran.rstudio.com/')"

Once your build spec is ready, you can "build" the container image by running this command:

    $ apptainer build my-container.sif image.def

> Once the image is built, you can copy it to Stash, test it on the login host,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the image is built, you can copy it to a data directory, test it on the Access Point,
```
